Integrate admin docs (#2893)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/cloud-account-structure.mdx

---
title: IBM Cloud account structure
description: Overview of IBM Cloud accounts, users, instances, and permissions.
platform: cloud
---

<span id="understand"></span>
# IBM Cloud account structure

> Before setting up Qiskit Runtime, it is important to understand the IBM Cloud&reg; [Identity and Access Management (IAM) account](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-overview) structure.  As shown in the following high-level diagram, there is an **account** at the highest level.  There is only one account owner, who has exclusive control over billing management.

Author: ```suggestion
Before setting up IBM Quantum Platform, it is important to understand the IBM Cloud&reg; [Identity and Access Management (IAM) account](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-overview) structure.  As shown in the following high-level diagram, there is an **account** at the highest level.  There is only one account owner, who has exclusive control over billing management.
```

> This account contains multiple **users** and **service instances** (such as IBM Qiskit Runtime).  Each service instance exists in a specific **region** and has one **plan**, so if you want to have multiple plans available to your users, you will have multiple service instances, each associated with a different plan.

Author: ```suggestion
This account contains multiple **users** and **service instances** (such as IBM Quantum).  Each service instance exists in a specific **region** and has one **plan**, so if you want to have multiple plans available to your users, you will have multiple service instances, each associated with a different plan.
```
